Q: What did one pirate say to the other when he beat him at chess?
A: Checkmatey.

Q: I burned 2000 calories today
A: I left my food in the oven for too long.

Q: I startled my next-door neighbor with my new electric power tool. 
A: I had to calm him down by saying “Don’t worry, this is just a drill!”

Q: I broke my arm in two places. 
A: My doctor told me to stop going to those places.

Q: I quit my job at the coffee shop the other day. 
A: It was just the same old grind over and over.

Q: I never buy anything that has Velcro with it...
A: it’s a total rip-off.

Q: I used to work at a soft drink can crushing company...
A: it was soda pressing.

Q: I wondered why the frisbee kept on getting bigger. 
A: Then it hit me.

Q: I was going to tell you a fighting joke...
A: but I forgot the punch line.

Q: What is the most groundbreaking invention of all time? 
A: The shovel. 

Q: I’m starting my new job at a restaurant next week. 
A: I can’t wait.

Q: I visited a weight loss website...
A: they told me I have to have cookies disabled.

Q: Did you hear about the famous Italian chef that recently died? 
A: He pasta way.

Q: Broken guitar for sale
A: no strings attached.

Q: I could never be a plumber
A: it’s too hard watching your life’s work go down the drain.

Q: I cut my finger slicing cheese the other day...
A: but I think I may have grater problems than that.

Q: What time did you go to the dentist yesterday?
A: Tooth-hurty.

Q: What kind of music do astronauts listen to?
A: Neptunes.

Q: Rest in peace, boiled water. 
A: You will be mist.

Q: What is the only concert in the world that costs 45 cents? 
A: 50 Cent, featuring Nickelback.

Q: It’s not a dad bod
A:  it’s a father figure.

Q: My wife recently went on a tropical food diet and now our house is full of this stuff. 
A: It’s enough to make a mango crazy.

Q: What do you call Santa’s little helpers? 
A: Subordinate clauses.

Q: Want to hear a construction joke? 
A: Sorry, I’m still working on it.

Q: What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? 
A: One is extremely big and heavy, and the other is a little lighter.

Q: I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today in the oven, 
A: I should have cooked it on aloha temperature.

Q: Anyone can be buried when they die
A: but if you want to be cremated then you have to urn it.

Q: Where did Captain Hook get his hook? 
A: From the second-hand store.

Q: I am such a good singer that people always ask me to sing solo
A: solo that they can’t hear me. 

Q: I am such a good singer that people ask me to sing tenor
A: tenor twelve miles away.

Q: Occasionally to relax I just like to tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.
A:  That’s just how I roll.

Q: What did the glass of wine say to the glass of beer? Nothing. 
A: They barley knew each other.

Q: I’ve never trusted stairs. 
A: They are always up to something.

Q: Why did Shakespeare’s wife leave him? 
A: She got sick of all the drama.

Q: I just bought a dictionary but all of the pages are blank. 
A: I have no words to describe how mad I am.

Q: If you want to get a job at the moisturizer factory... 
A: you’re going to have to apply daily.

Q: I don’t know what’s going to happen next year. 
A: It’s probably because I don’t have 2020 vision.

Q: Want to hear a joke about going to the bathroom? 
A: Urine for a treat.

Q: I couldn’t figure out how to use the seat belt. 
A: Then it just clicked.

Q: I got an email the other day teaching me how to read maps backwards
A: turns out it was just spam.

Q: I'm reading a book about anti-gravity.
A:  It's impossible to put down!

Q: You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there?
A:  European.

Q: Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France?
A:  They were cooked in Greece.

Q: Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind... 
A: it's tearable.

Q: I just watched a documentary about beavers. 
A: It was the best dam show I ever saw!

Q: If you see a robbery at an Apple Store what re you?
A: An iWitness?

Q: Spring is here! 
A: I got so excited I wet my plants!

Q: What’s Forrest Gump’s password?
A:  1forrest1

Q: Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? 
A: Because he was a little horse!

Q: CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?" 
A: DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!’”

Q: Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? 
A: They say he made a mint.

Q: I bought some shoes from a drug dealer.
A: I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!

Q: Why do chicken coops only have two doors?
A:  Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!

Q: How do you make a Kleenex dance? 
A: Put a little boogie in it!

Q: A termite walks into a bar and asks
A: "Is the bar tender here?"

Q: Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer?
A: He couldn't see himself doing it.

Q: I used to have a job at a calendar factory 
A: but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.

Q: A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, "First offender?" 
A: She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!”

Q: How do you make holy water?
A: You boil the hell out of it.

Q: I had a dream that I was a muffler last night.
A: I woke up exhausted!

Q: Did you hear about the circus fire?
A: It was in tents!

Q: Don't trust atoms.
A: They make up everything!

Q: How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 
A: Ten-tickles.

Q: I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language.
A: I don’t know why.

Q: Why did the cow in the pasture get promoted at work?
A: Because he is OUT-STANDING in his field!

Q: What do prisoners use to call each other?
A: Cell phones.

Q: Why couldn't the bike standup by itself? 
A: It was two tired.

Q: Who was the fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table?
A: Sir Cumference. 

Q: Did you see they made round bails of hay illegal in Wisconsin? 
A: It’s because the cows weren’t getting a square meal.

Q: You know what the loudest pet you can get is?
A: A trumpet.

Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?
A: Frostbite.

Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes?
A: No idea!

Q: Can February March? 
A: No, but April May!

Q: What do you call a lonely cheese? 
A: Provolone.

Q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
A: Because the pee is silent.

Q: What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school?
A: Bison.

Q: What do you call someone with no body and no nose? 
A: Nobody knows.

Q: You heard of that new band 1023MB? 
A: They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.

Q: Why did the crab never share?
A: Because he's shellfish.

Q: How do you get a squirrel to like you? 
A: Act like a nut.

Q: Why don't eggs tell jokes? 
A: They'd crack each other up.

Q: Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? 
A: Because then it would be a foot.

Q: Did you hear the rumor about butter? 
A: Well, I'm not going to spread it!

Q: I made a pencil with two erasers. 
A: It was pointless.

Q: I used to hate facial hair...
A: but then it grew on me.

Q: I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—
A: it was just gathering dust!

Q: I had a neck brace fitted years ago
A: and I've never looked back since.

Q: You know, people say they pick their nose,
A: but I feel like I was just born with mine.

Q: What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?
A: An irrelephant.

Q: What do you get from a pampered cow? 
A: Spoiled milk.

Q: It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad.
A: It's a faux pa.

Q: How do lawyers say goodbye? 
A: Sue ya later!

Q: Wanna hear a joke about paper? 
A: Never mind—it's tearable.

Q: What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? 
A: Live stream.

Q: I could tell a joke about pizza,
A:  but it's a little cheesy.

Q: When does a joke become a dad joke?
A: When it becomes apparent.

Q: What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? 
A: The space bar.

Q: What did the shy pebble wish for?
A: That she was a little boulder.

Q: I'm tired of following my dreams. 
A: I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.

Q: Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? 
A: He's all right now.

Q: Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? 
A: Because he had no guts.

Q: What did one nut say as he chased another nut? 
A: I'm a cashew!

Q: Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center...
A: you've seen a mall.

Q: I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work...
A: but it was a whisk I was willing to take.

Q: How come the stadium got hot after the game? 
A: Because all of the fans left.

Q: Why was it called the dark ages? 
A: Because of all the knights. 

Q: Why did the tomato blush? 
A: Because it saw the salad dressing.

Q: Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? 
A: She was a roman catholic.

Q: What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? 
A: A spelling bee.

Q: I'll tell you what often gets over looked...
A: garden fences.

Q: Why did the kid cross the playground? 
A: To get to the other slide.

Q: Why do birds fly south for the winter?
A: Because it's too far to walk.

Q: What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song? 
A: I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...

Q: My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. 
A: The second time let me down.

Q: To be Frank...
A: I'd have to change my name.

Q: Slept like a log last night 
A: woke up in the fireplace.

Q: Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? 
A: Because it's a little meteor.

Q: How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: A Brazilian

Q: I don't trust stairs.
A: They're always up to something.

Q: A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery.
A: He charged one and let the other one off.

Q: What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?
A: I don't know and I don't care.

Q: I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... 
A: It was Everlong...

Q: Some people eat light bulbs. 
A: They say it's a nice light snack.

Q: What do you get hanging from Apple trees? 
A: Sore arms.

Q: Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back.
A: Luckily I was the one facing the TV.

Q: I got a reversible jacket for Christmas,
A: I can't wait to see how it turns out.

Q: What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? 
A: Lil Caesars

Q: My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. 
A: He was caught in a trap..

Q: Never take advice from electrons. 
A: They are always negative.

Q: Why are oranges the smartest fruit? 
A: Because they are made to concentrate. 

Q: What did the beaver say to the tree? 
A: It's been nice gnawing you.

Q: How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern?
A: You use a pumpkin patch.

Q: What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? 
A: I’ll ketch up

Q: I have kleptomania...
A: when it gets bad, I take something for it.

Q: I used to be addicted to soap...
A: but I'm clean now.

Q: When is a door not a door?
A: When it's ajar.

Q: I made a belt out of watches once...
A: It was a waist of time.

Q: This furniture store keeps emailing me,
A: all I wanted was one night stand!

Q: How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
A: Look for fresh prints.

Q: I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome.
A: It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.

Q: Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? 
A: Dunno, they're just a bit shady.

Q: If at first you don't succeed
A: sky diving is not for you!

Q: What kind of music do mummy's like?
A: Rap

Q: A book just fell on my head. 
A: I only have my shelf to blame.

Q: What did the dog say to the two trees? 
A: Bark bark.

Q: If a child refuses to sleep during nap time...
A: are they guilty of resisting a rest?

Q: Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane?
A: They mostly wrap.

Q: What did the mountain climber name his son?
A: Cliff.

Q: Why should you never trust a pig with a secret?
A: Because it's bound to squeal.

Q: Why are mummys scared of vacation?
A: They're afraid to unwind.

Q: Whiteboards ...
A: are remarkable.

Q: What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep?
A: A stega-snore-us.

Q: What kind of tree fits in your hand?
A: A palm tree!

Q: I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey
A: but I turned myself around.

Q: How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?
A: Ten-tickles!

Q: What musical instrument is found in the bathroom?
A: A tuba toothpaste.

Q: My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... 
A: I totally nailed it!

Q: What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport?
A: Squash.

Q: What do you call corn that joins the army?
A: Kernel.

Q: I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum 
A: but I just can't seem to get it going.

Q: Why don't sharks eat clowns? 
A: Because they taste funny.

Q: Just read a few facts about frogs.
A: They were ribbiting.

Q: Why didn’t the melons get married?
A: Because they cantaloupe.

Q: What’s a computer’s favorite snack?
A: Microchips!

Q: Why was the robot so tired after his road trip?
A: He had a hard drive.

Q: Why did the computer have no money left?
A: Someone cleaned out its cache!

Q: I'm not anti-social. 
A: I'm just not user friendly.

Q: Why did the computer get cold?
A: Because it forgot to close windows.

Q: What is an astronaut's favorite key on a keyboard?
A: The space bar!

Q: What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used-car salesman?
A: The used-car salesman KNOWS when he's lying.

Q: If at first you don't succeed...
A: call it version 1.0

Q: Why did Microsoft PowerPoint cross the road?
A: To get to the other slide!

Q: What did the computer do at lunchtime?
A: Had a byte!

Q: Why did the computer keep sneezing?
A: It had a virus!

Q: What did one toilet say to the other?
A: You look a bit flushed.

Q: Why did the picture go to jail?
A: Because it was framed.

Q: What did one wall say to the other wall?
A: I'll meet you at the corner.

Q: What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to?
A: Lonely

Q: Why do bicycles fall over?
A: Because they are two-tired!

Q: Why was the broom late?
A: It over swept!

Q: What part of the car is the laziest?
A: The wheels, because they are always tired!

Q: What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper?
A: Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV?

Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator?
A: I think I'm coming down with something!

Q: Why was the belt arrested?
A: Because it held up some pants!

Q: What makes the calendar seem so popular?
A: Because it has a lot of dates!

Q: Why did Mickey Mouse take a trip into space?He wanted to find Pluto!

Q: Why do you go to bed every night?
A: Because the bed won't come to you!

Q: What has four wheels and flies?
A: A garbage truck!

Q: Why did the robber take a bath before he stole from the bank?
A: He wanted to make a clean get away!

Q: Just watched a documentary about beavers.
A: It was the best damn program I’ve ever seen.

Q: Slept like a log last night
A: woke up in the fireplace.

Q: Why did the scarecrow win an award?
A: Because he was outstanding in his field.

Q: Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? 
A: Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.

Q: What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? 
A: About 5000 miles

Q: Why did the coffee file a police report? 
A: It got mugged.

Q: What did the grape do when he got stepped on? 
A: He let out a little wine.

Q: How many apples grow on a tree? 
A: All of them.

Q: What name do you give a person with a rubber toe? 
A: Roberto

Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? 
A: It’s fine, he woke up.

Q: Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? 
A: Because if they fell forwards they’d still be in the boat.

Q: How does a penguin build it’s house? 
A: Igloos it together.

Q: What do you call a man with a rubber toe?
A: Roberto

Q: Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon?
A: Great food, no atmosphere.

Q: Why was the belt sent to jail?
A: For holding up a pair of pants!

Q: Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water?
A: He had a very esteemed colleague.

Q: What happens when a frogs car dies?
A: He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.

Q: What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle?
A: They rose.

Q: Why did the man fall down the well?
A: Because he couldn’t see that well.

Q: My boss told me to have a good day...
A: ...so I went home.

Q: How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree?
A: By the bark.

Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?
A: It’s fine, he woke up.

Q: Why is Peter Pan always flying?
A: Because he Neverlands.

Q: Which state has the most streets?
A: Rhode Island.

Q: What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim?
A: Alphawetical.

Q: Why was the color green notoriously single?
A: It was always so jaded.

Q: Why did the coach go to the bank?
A: To get his quarterback.

Q: How do celebrities stay cool?
A: They have many fans.

Q: What's the most depressing day of the week?
A: sadder day.

Q: Dogs can’t operate MRI machines
A: But catscan.

Q: I was going to tell a time-traveling joke
A: but you guys didn’t like it.

Q: Stop looking for the perfect match
A: instead look for a lighter.

Q: I told my doctor I heard buzzing
A: but he said it’s just a bug going around.

Q: What kind of car does a sheep like to drive?
A: A lamborghini.

Q: What did the accountant say while auditing a document?
A: This is taxing.

Q: What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day?
A: It was loaf at first sight.

Q: Why do melons have weddings?
A: Because they cantaloupe.

Q: What did the drummer call his twin daughters?
A: Anna One, Anna Two!

Q: What do you call a toothless bear?
A:  A gummy bear!

Q: Two goldfish are in a tank. 
A: One says to the other, “Do you know how to drive this thing?”

Q: What’s Forrest Gump’s password?
A: 1forrest1

Q: What is a child guilty of if they refuse to nap?
A: Resisting a rest.

Q: I know a lot of jokes about retired people
A: but none of them work.

Q: Why are spiders so smart?
A: They can find everything on the web.

Q: What has one head, one foot, and four legs?
A: A bed.

Q: What does a house wear?
A: Address.

Q: What’s red and smells like blue paint?
A: Red paint.

Q: My son asked me to put his shoes on
A: but I don’t think they’ll fit me.

Q: I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing.
A:  The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.

Q: What do you call an unpredictable camera?
A: A loose Canon.

Q: Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks?
A: Minnesota.

Q: What do sprinters eat before a race?
A: Nothing—they fast.

Q: I’m so good at sleeping...
A: I can do it with my eyes closed.

Q: People are usually shocked that I have a Police record.
A: But I love their greatest hits!

Q: I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high.
A: She seemed surprised.

Q: What do you call a fibbing cat?
A: A lion.

Q: Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil?
A: Because it’s pointless.

Q: I like telling Dad jokes…
A: sometimes he laughs.

Q: How do you weigh a millennial?
A: In Instagrams.

Q: The wedding was so beautiful
A: even the cake was in tiers.

Q: What’s the most patriotic sport?
A: Flag football.